Daniel I. Quintero
Design Technologist / Developer

917 304-8210
dannyq@gmail.com
www.dq212.com

SKILLS
HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Python, Swift, React/Redux, AS3, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, 
Microsoft Office,PHP, jQuery, CSS, SASS, WP,Bootstrap, Materialize, NPM, Git, Firebase, Greensock
Experience with Vue, ReactNative and Node.

CLIENTS
Microsoft, TIAA, Guardian, MetLife, L’Oreal, Oppenheimer, Russell Investments, MGM, MasterCard, LG,
Sanofi Pasteur, Pfizer, CapGemini, General Mills, Motorola, HP, Kraft Foods, Hampton Inn, Qwest,
American Standard, American Express, Avis, Bank of America, Fuji, GHI, José Cuervo, Snuggle, Verizon Wireless,
Wisk, Chase Bank, 3D, Morgan Stanley, UBS, & more.

EXPERIENCE

O2KL - Advertising NY — Senior Developer/Tech consultant
2018 - PRESENT
• Design/develop/produce, responsive sites, landing pages, banners, and emails
• Manage digital production and email campaigns, lists
• Work directly with clients in achieving their creative and marketing goals
• Primarily worked with insurance clients. Anthem BC/BS, AARP, MetLife, MBA

Freelance Contractor, NY, CA, NJ — Web Developer
2008 - 2018
• Design/develop websites, banners, pitch presentations, applications for tablets and mobile devices,
and on-location kiosks working with multiple form factors
• Translate client objectives into marketing communications that achieve their 
goals in a timely and cost-effective manner

Draft Digital/DraftFCB, NYC — Flash Developer/Design Technologist
2002 - 2008
Designed/developed award-winning Flash animations, Web banners and Websites for a
range of clients.
• Develop Websites to minimize download time, maintaining image quality, sound,
video, and animations.
• Demonstrate thorough understanding of browser, bandwidth and platform compatibility.
• Create and work that strongly supports the client’s brand, marketing, and sales objectives.

ClickThings, Inc. , NYC — Design Technologist
1999 - 2001
• Supervised design and execution of corporate identity and print collateral.
• Created clean, engaging interfaces and templates for a variety of digital media including
websites, interactive Flash demos, banner ads and client-side software interfaces and
applications

EDUCATION
Syracuse University, New York — BFA
92 - 96